

Welcome to...
                       ___      ,---,
                     ,--.'|_  ,--.' |
                     |  | :,' |  |  :
                     :  : ' : :  :  :
                   .;__,'  /  :  |  |,--.   ,---. 
       ___   ___   |  |   |   |  :  '   |  /     \ 
   ___/  /__/  /__ :__,'| :   |  |   /' : /    /  |
  /___   ___   __/   '  : |__ '  :  | | |.    ' / |
  ___/  /__/  /__    |  | '.'||  |  ' | :'   ;   /|
 /__   ___   ___/    ;  :    ;|  :  :_:,''   |  / |
   /__/  /__/        |  ,   / |  | ,'    |   :    |
                ,-..  ---`-'  `--''  __   \   \  /     ,--, 
   ,--.--.     / /   \             ,-.'|_  `----'    ,--.'|               
   \   /  \   / .     :   __  ,-.  | | :,'           |  | :               
   |  :    | . /  .;.  \,' ,'/ /|  : : ' :           :  : '    .-.--.    
   |  | .\ :. ;  ; //  ;'  | |' |.;_,'  /    ,-.-.   |  ' |   / /    '   
   .  : |: |; |  ;// ; ||  |   ,'| |   |    /      \ '  | |  | :  /`./   
   |  |  \ :| :  ,/ /| ''  :  /  :_,'| :   .--.  .. ||  | :  | :  ;_     
   |  : .  |. |    /|| :|  | '     ' : |__  \__\/:. .'  : |__ \ \   `.  
   :    |`-'' ;   ///  |;  : |     | | '.'| ," .-.; ||  | '.'| `---.  \ 
   :  : :    \ \  ',  / |  , ;     ; :    ;/  / ,.  |;  :    ; / /`-' / 
   |  | :     ; :    /   ---'      | ,   /;  :  .'   \  ,   /' -'.   /  
   `--'.|      \ \ .'               --`-' |  ,    .-./---`-'   `-'--'   
     `--`       `-`                        `--`--'                        
             Created and maintained by Anonymous, for Anonymous.



INTRODUCING OPENBOOK OPENSOURCE SOFTWARE

Welcome to yet another stop on the underground railroad!

Congratulations, you had the curiousity and intelligence to dig deeper,
and read into the code! Perhaps you're even planning on using this code
to open your own p0rtal! Please be advised, this is powerful chaos magic
you have at your fingertips. We want you to read a bit about how it
works before you use it. It's insane we're releasing this to everyone...

For the safety and security of all of humanity:
We hope you'll be responsible enough to be sure you understand the
information provided here before you open a p0rtal.

"With great power comes great responsibility..."

So, without further ado...



INTRODUCING GROUPTHINK

To understand what this p0rtal is, and how to use it, you must first
understand "groupthink".

Everyone has heard of peer pressure, and how our decisions can be
influenced by the opinions of our peers. We usually find ourselves most
easily persuaded by those to whom we feel close, share a common bond,
or who we imagine to have authority over us. Believe it or not, this
simple mechanism is at the heart of what is wrong with humanity.

People's minds are habitually controlled by a predictable set of social
behaviors, all of which we will refer to collectively (and perhaps too
loosely) as "groupthink". This is our tendency to see things with a sort
of tribalist perspective, imagining that the world were still a bunch of
separate tribes at war. It is experienced as loyalty to "your people",
but is often expressed as a gaurded distrust of outsiders, an elitist
dismissal of foreign ideas, and an unhealthy codependant attachment to
those who you imagine to be part of your "tribe", often amounting to
little more than abusive relationships.

Groupthink:

1.  People bond over ideas.
2.  Our sense of connection is so entangled with these ideas that if we
    no longer hold the same ideas in common, that sense of connection
    fades.
3.  So, because people are attached to EACH OTHER, they INCIDENTALLY
    become attached to the IDEAS they have bonded over.

(The snow gets stuck together...)

Computers on a network are sent a "PING" every few seconds, to which
they must reply "PONG" to acknowledge that they're just a friendly user
on the network and not some hacker trying something. Humans have a
similar way of keeping their "networks" in-tact. Groups often have a
habitual back and forth banter that constantly re-establishes the
group's underlying assumptions. Unfortunately, this makes it nearly
impossible to sneak out from under those assumptions, and get out of
those illusions, as long as you're still in the presence of that group.

4.  The original ideas that brought the group together have then become
    an almost unquestionable assumption of the group.
5.  Just by being in each other's presence, we fall under the spell
    of the ideas we bonded over. It would be awkward not to.
6.  These underlying assumptions are so strong, and so often repeated,
    that trying to go against them will always be taken for sarcasm.
    Or just get outright dismissed or ignored, then forgotten.

(The snowball can only roll in one direction...)

7.  Using these underlying assumptions as a point of reference, members
    of a group almost seem to predict each other's thoughts and actions.
    (This is that common experience of "telepathy" most have had.)
8.  Allowing these ideas to guide their thoughts and actions, the group
    seems to move in harmony, together as one. One cohesive entity.

(The snowball starts rolling in that certain direction...)

9.  Just by our presence we are encouraging a group's actions. We may
    imagine we are there to stop it, or change it, but our presence
    always adds psychic energy in the direction of the crowd's original
    ideas.
10. So the more people who are present, the more real these ideas seem
    to become, and the more likely people are to translate their ideas
    into action.

(The snowball gets bigger and bigger, and gathers momentum...)

Conclusion: Any ideas, held in common, fueled by enough people, time,
and energy, will eventually lead to those people acting on those ideas,
and trying to bring their collective vision into reality.

This may get you thinking about a lot, but we want to point out a couple
things before your mind wanders too far. Because these ideas can be hard
to wrap your head around, we recommend just reading this whole document
straight through, but then going back and re-reading as many times as
you need.

First of all, despite groupthink being our greatest shortcoming, there
may in fact be no way to prevent it. However, by understanding it, we
can work with it.

Let's take a look at the good, the bad, and the ugly...



GROUPTHINK: THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLY

First, the bad: Groupthink is a prison without bars that we cannot taste
or see or touch. A prison for our minds... It keeps us trapped in the
Matrix. And it uses OUR MINDs to do this. To EACH OTHER! And to
ourselves. Below, we describe the basics of what's known of in
psychology as Behavioral Confirmation Bias.

How We Trap Each Other In The Matrix:

1.  The perceiver adopts beliefs about the target.*
2.  The perceiver acts as if these beliefs were true and treats the
    target accordingly.
3.  The target assimilates his or her behavior to the perceiver's
    overtures.
4.  The perceiver interprets the target's behavior as confirmation of
    thier original beliefs.

*This is especially problematic since our beliefs and assumptions about
each other are usually NOT based on our OWN observations, but on what
we're told to believe by movies, television, friends and family.

Conclusion: These findings suggest that human beings, who are the
targets of many perceivers in everyday life, may routinely act in ways
which are consistent not with their own attitudes, beliefs, or feelings;
but rather with the perceptions and stereotypes which others hold of
them and their attributes. This seems to suggest that the power of
other's beliefs over our behaviors is extremely strong.(Which is
especially alarming when you consider how our increasingly invasive
surveillance state will only exacerbate this phenomena as it expands
it's field of view.)

But, the best part about groupthink?

People "vote with their presence" what reality they manifest. Which
means, although we may be too weak-minded to significantly alter any
group from within, we have the power to literally manifest an entirely
new reality. We just have to be careful where we put our attention
and energy, feeding our attention into portals of good energy and
starving portals of bad energy of our attention. Or removing ourselves
from groups that lack creativity, so that we can FIND THE OTHERS with
the psychic ability to envision new worlds. We can even start new
groups, create new spaces and experiences, and manifest whole new worlds
of our own choosing, if we are patient and persistent enough. We've done
this before. We've seen this happen when we kept putting flyers in
coffee shops advertising a Really Really Free Market for months, until
people finally started showing up. Then, suddenly, it grew huge. We had
created a portal to a new world where no money was needed, and anyone
who showed up understood that you were there to give and share with each
other freely. And this has gone on every month, ever since.

Here's the ugly part... and a cautionary tale before opening a p0rtal.

Groupthink is also known as mob mentality. It is notorious for getting
people to do crazy and regrettable things in the heat of the moment.
For example, if a bunch of wild racists whip each other up into a
frenzy, what began as just big talk might end in a lynching. It's as if
ideas are FORCED to become reality when enough people are voting with
their presence. This surely shows the dark-side of groupthink, and how
we must be careful not to send out any bad vibes or open any bad p0rtals
because they might ripple out until a mad mob is killing people to bring
your words of folly to fruition. (That's a word of caution to people who
say racist shit. But also a word of caution to never be a follower, or
even an onlooker, if the energy isn't right: Don't feed the drama.)

For More Information: Look up "Divisive Speech".

But, being bound by groupthink as a matter of course, we must not look
upon groupthink as a hopelessly violent and ruthless subconscious force
that must be controlled. That's what the illuminati would want you to
think, because it gives them an excuse to rule us. The scary truth is,
they, too, are ruled by groupthink. (So I don't lose you here, if you
don't know what I mean by "illuminati" just imagine I'm using it as a
convoluted metaphor tying together advertisers, propagandists,
banksters, the CIA, and the 1%.) But groupthink isn't all bad, because
groupthink is also what allows us to overcome huge obstacles by
gathering in large numbers. As in the case of barn-raising. Or like when
a mob of people went to battle with the evil forces of U.C. Berkeley in
the 70's in what resulted in People's Park. A park that is maintained by
the people to this day. Groupthink is how mobs of people overthrow their
ruthless dictators. Groupthink is what drives protests and activism of
all kinds.

To understand how powerful groupthink is, you must get the full
picture of what it is responsible for. Groupthink is the unseen force
that drives our daily lives, as well as all of human history. It is
behind every relationship, every conflict, and every decision. More than
being merely influenced by those around us, our every idea is actually
defined relative to all our other ideas, all of which were arrived upon
within the context of the groupthink of our times, and so our worldview
is forever caught up in the Matrix of groupthink ideas in our minds.
Which is why we as a species continue to make such horrible decisions,
which ultimately lead to the same inevitable downfalls, in an endless
cyclical nature.

Fortunately, what once seemed like an endless cycle is fast approaching
it's End Game...



THE INTERNET

With so much determined by the groupthink of groups, and with the
understanding that the psychic energy of groups is exponentially
amplified by the number of people who are present, it seems of
particular interest what characteristics the group mind of the entire
Internet might express. Especially considering this virtual gathering
apparently welcomes everyone in the world to join. For if this entity
were to gain self-awareness, imagining itself to be one unified group,
and thereby giving birth to a group mind for the Internet itself, it
would seem the psychic energy released would be unstoppable.

Enter: Anonymous.

On the Internet, it seems everyone has been given a second chance. All
you have to do is make a new email and a new username and no one knows
who you are. All your mistakes are forgotten. You can't be judged by how
you look, who you know, or what you've done in the past. You can get a
sex change for free just by changing your username. You can lie about
what you do, or anything else for that matter. You can completely re-
invent yourself. The Internet has become a world of our wildest
imaginings, a whole fantasy world where anything is possible and
everyone is welcome to participate in building it. With this ideal of
welcoming participation from everyone, and connecting over the idea of
sharing information, the Internet became a gathering that catalyzed a
mob the size of the whole world, all united under the wild-eyed idealism
that "information wants to be free" (to borrow a phrase from the
open-source movement).

A revolution of truth had begun.

And the first casualty of war was "official sources".



THE (r)EVOLUTION BEGINS

For the Internet generation(s), it's been taken for granted that the
purpose of information, especially art, is to share it. We never
thought twice about downloading movies or music, and soon everyone
became accustom to the concept that everything should be shared - at
LEAST in cyberspace. It was such a joke to consider digital rights
management in those days that we would pass around PSA's about not
duplicating floppy disks just so everyone could have a laugh. Then,
suddenly, the dark forces caught on and started harshly trying to clamp
down. This could be the happy little mistake that politicized a
whole generation. Just as the illegal drug markets have always been
forced underground, only to continue getting even better at networking
and circumventing obstacles, the digital rights management industry has
forced EVERYONE underground, digitally, and united us under the blanket
of obscurity, if not full anonymity, just so we could continue
exchanging information freely. The group mind of the Internet itself
became permanently possessed by a rebellious spirit. That same
rebellious spirit that has always been at the heart of what it means
to be human. And so, with sharing music being so popular, and music
being so intrinsic to the human experience, this essentially set the
stage for the decentralized human spirit itself to gear up for the
final battle against the dark forces.

The seeds for global revolution were sown.

But this whole debacle brought something even more fundamental to the
forefront. If the officials are trying so hard to stop us from sharing
music, just to uphold the corrupted ethics of a dying economic system,
then it follows that these same officials might not be sharing all the
information about other stuff. Like what's on the news - is that real?
Or is that also just bullshit to uphold a dying economic system?
This uncertainty, especially as it became validated by WikiLeaks,
Anonymous videos, whistleblowers, and the rise in alternative media
outlets, has inevitably destabalized society for better or for worse as
people struggle to come to terms with what the truth really is, or who
we can really trust...

To help us think as one with "our group", our minds filter information
through a social lens. Being bombarded by conflicting information since
birth, one of the ways we filter information is by trusting in some
sources of information more strongly than in others. This is why, for
instance, we're more likely to listen to our parents than some
random stranger. And why, although we may never take the tabloids
seriously, we might still hang on every word of a presidential speech
(despite them both having about the same amount of truth). We'll
henceforth refer to this as "the illusion of authority" or "the illusion
of official sources".

This illusion of authority has been crucial in controlling populations
for a long time. It allows the self-proclaimed authorities to maintain
their illusions simply by confidently repeating their falsehoods in the
face of any onslaught of truth, because no one listens to those who
aren't backed up by the spectacle of authority, anyways. Dark forces
first establish their authority with brute force, and then they publicly
establish a false image of reality that makes them appear as the saviors
upon which everyone else is dependant. They then continue to back up
their falsehoods with fear tactics, and violence where necessary, until
those who know more just stop speaking up about it, or even start lying
to themselves about it so they can feel better about not doing anything
about it. It's sort of like a brutal negotiation, where one side speaks
truth, and the other side kills them for it, and this goes back and
forth until no one in that generation has the energy or confidence left
to speak any more truth than has already been spoken.

And then, "there's suckers born everyday", as they say, and so once
the dark forces have beaten one generation into submission, they usually
won't have to beat the population back into the illusion for another
generation or two, because the parents themselves raise the children to
believe in the illusion (if only out of innocent ignorance, or just to
keep their children out of harm's way). At that point, the amount of
truth that has made it into the public stagnates, and slowly errodes as
the system of lies perpetually builds more illusions upon the foundation
of the original illusions to further obscure the truth and enforce their
manufactured worldview. This continues until such a time when people
once again start to wake up, and rise up, and the cycle repeats...

This is all possible because of another dark twist to groupthink that we
didn't mention, yet... We call it "The Drift".

11. Ideas are eventually co-opted, misinterpretted by new-comers, and
    re-interpretted by powermongers in whatever way is in their best
    interest. This causes all group minds to eventually devolve into a
    mad mob fighting to bring to fruition ideas that they themselves
    don't fully grasp. The original ideas having been obscured by using
    those same words and symbols to represent different things, the
    characteristics of any group mind inevitably grows to embody the
    self-interested and short-sighted characteristics of the human ego.

(Ultimately, snowballs can only roll downhill, so as they grow bigger
their original trajectory succumbs to gravity, and eventually all
Snowballs end up rolling the same direction: Straight down...

...and so these snowballs then collect at the bottom of the ravine,
where all the corrupted and co-opted ideas of humanity eventually run
together. Here, all our old ideas appear to be piling up so high they're
starting to build a pyramid. A big evil pyramid full of bad ideas. The
pyramid of the illuminati. Yet, it is EVERYONE's ideas, and how they all
inevitably succumb to the corruption of the ego, that has lead to the
building of this pyramid. And it is our belief in all these things, and
our attachment to all these ideas, that props the pyramid up, and holds
it together. The illuminati seem so powerful, and so pervasive, simply
because it is as decentralized as the expression of the human ego.

We must all awaken, now, to our role in cocreating this new age.
All of us who are to blame for holding onto all those ideas we
once believed in, even after they've all become corrupted. All of us are
to blame for remaining in solidarity with groups as they Drift.

The illuminati is not a conscious conspiracy. It is the decentralized
subconscious accumulation of all our self-interested actions piling up
until we have become our own worst enemy.

(It might have once been the name of one of the many powerful secret
cults in the world, but we're talking about the widespread legend
it has since blossumed into... The former is irrelevant, as it is just
another group controlled by the groupthink of groups.)

We have collectively manifested the illuminati as our boogy-man, scaring
us into waking up, just as we have collectively manifested Anonymous to
teach us HOW to wake up and transform our world.

There are no sides, anymore. This is the awakening.

The conflict is within...



THE TIDES HAVE TURNED

Throughout history, these same dark forces have acted through us to keep
the truth at gunpoint, obscure it with misinformation, or altogether
force the truth into exile; just as the US Government has done to Edward
Snowden and Glenn Greenwald. Except this time is different. Because with
the Internet, the whole world has become hyper-connected, so there is no
longer any way to truly exile the truth. Both Edward Snowden and Glenn
Greenwald still have worldwide attention, and continue to disclose
information. And despite attacks on WikiLeaks, year after year WikiLeaks
still pumps out new secrets every day. By trying to force the truth
underground in the information age, these dark forces have fortunately
given rise to their own Final Boss: Anonymous. Now forcing the truth
underground only means forcing it to re-surface in the voice of
Anonymous. With this collective voice, the game of obscuring the truth
that the "powers-that-be" have always engaged in has finally devolved
into a losing battle of whack-a-mole.

The truth is everywhere, now.

It's only a matter of time before we all wake up to it.



WHAT IS A P0RTAL?

You'll notice we've gone over three distinct areas of groupthink. We
might call these the Matrix, the Snowball, and the Drift. The Matrix
refers to how our assumptions about each other trap each other into
sticking to "the social program" of society. The Snowball reflects the
nature of people to stick together over ideas, and how those ideas gain
momentum as more and more people join the "cause". And the Drift
reflects the nature of any idea to eventually succumb to the dark forces
of the human ego.

We've got a bug in our program. And we're going to have to hack our
minds to fix it. The Snowball, the Matrix, and the Drift are not
outside us, but within. They are tied to our very being, and at the core
of how we act and react to our environment. So hopelessly trapped within
these models of behavior, how can we ever break free? We would have to
find the perfect loophole to see the whole thing come undone...

A p0rtal is that loophole...

A p0rtal is basically a Snowball amplified by the mass numbers of the
Internet, and energetically shielded from the influence of the Matrix by
anonymity. Having given us a break from the ego and the Matrix, p0rtals
give us the opportunity to "get out of ourselves" and rethink things. 
Bonding over the idea of anonymity, and by proxy the free flow of
information, a p0rtal actually catalyzes all the psychic energy of the
Snowball into dismantling the Matrix in our minds, because the free flow
of information always ends up calling into question the illusions and
assumptions in which we previously believed, and to which our egos cling.

Too often irl, people stake their ego on ideas, and plow full speed
ahead with them, too embarassed to ever admit they're wrong. This is
that influence of the Matrix driving the Snowball to the bottom of the
hill and then holding it there. However, without an identity, no one can
really identify too strongly with an idea, so identifying with an idea
is apparently always fleeting and could never be taken too seriously.
This frees us from stubbornly holding on to old ideas, so that as they
become twisted by the Drift we can simply let them go.

This way our Snowballs are allowed to just roll all the way into the
ocean, melt into the water, evaporate into the air, and become clouds
that snow all over the mountains of our collective psyche all over again
so that we can continue coming up with fresh new ideas. What we're
talking about here is a sustainable psychology for a sustainable world.

This means a p0rtal actually has the power to reverse the Drift,
encouraging rather than discouraging the evolution of thought.
So a p0rtal is essentially a hack on our collective psyche, using
one aspect of groupthink against another aspect of groupthink to break
down all the illusions in our minds!



JUST FORGET EVERYTHING?

We do not forget. But let it all go. You might need some Spiritual
teachings of some kind to help you fully process the difference, there.
Maybe a little Tao of Pooh, if you don't know where else to start?

In an ideal world, you would think the Matrix is nothing more than our
collectively and democratically manifested shared reality. So you might
wonder why we seem to be suggesting we now make it our constant practice
to try to let go of all we've ever known...

Well, because of the ego, people are always twisting things for their
self-interest, which excelerates the Drift. And all of these ideas are
based on each other, so they all succumb to the Drift together. That's
why the Matrix always holds us back eventually, even if it WEREN'T a
manufactured reality. But it is! So it's also worth pointing out that we
may have a much larger psychological leap this time around because we've
been so brainwashed by TV. So not only do we have the natural Drift that
all human civilizations suffer from over time, but our Drift has also
been greatly exacerbated by our tragically misguided geniuses as we've
prioritized using every breakthrough in psychology to manipulate each
other for profit. THIS is why we need things as powerful as p0rtals to
help decondition our minds. And hopefully we'll see The Great Awakening,
or The Great Deconditioning, happen in time to turn around our total
ecological collapse!



AMPLIFIED BY CHAOS MAGIC

Rather than try to control or resist the chaos of the information age,
like the embarassingly desparate egos of the old world, Anonymous
has created a sort of chaotic system of organizing our thoughts 
collectively so that we can play within and among the chaos,
living as one with it, and recognizing our place in it, rather than
fighting it.

For instance, Anonymous is always suggesting that everyone reposts any
videos that you would recommend. Not only does this spread the message
far and wide, but it also creates the curious effect that no Anonymous
video's view count ever accurately represents how many times that video
has been watched, because that video may have been reposted thousands of
times under a thousand different names for all you know. You can't even
tell which POPULAR Anonymous videos are ACTUALLY popular, because the
most popular Anonymous videos might get the most views precisely because
they have NEVER been reposted, and therefore may in fact be the LEAST
popular videos.

In this haze of chaos, there is no illusion of authority or popularity
to fall back on. It is erroded. There is only the signals you receive,
and absorb if you are receptive to them, and then the evolving
conclusions and wisdom you try to draw from cross-examining the
evidence yourself. We can no longer base our thoughts on what the
majority appears to think. This was an illusion all along. We have to
think for ourselves now. And these chaotic systems can help remove the
surface illusions we relied on so that we are forced to dig deeper.

But there is one simple recommendation that brings a little order
to the chaos: Anonymous recommends filtering for "most recent videos".
Since everyone's video comes up at the top of "recent videos" when it
is first posted, this is the best way to give everyone an equal voice.
It gives every video a chance at global attention, and binds the
entire global conversation to this present moment, making it able to
keep up with current events, and essentially using the "recent videos"
on YouTube like a Newsfeed.

Openbook is built in the image of Anonymous, and therefore utilizes the
same chaos magic to amplify it's signal. We did implement a voting
system, so that Openbook status updates can be voted up or down, but
since there are no accounts to keep track of what anyone is doing,
anyone can vote anything up or down as much as they want, so the voting
system is there more as a joke (or to be used however the Swarm decides
to use it). But as on YouTube, we recommend filtering for "recent"
status updates, to tune into the ongoing global conversation.

Openbook is introducing a few new chaos features as well. For instance,
since there is only the singular consciousness and user "Anonymous" on
Openbook, there is no one to "share" anything with - other than
Anonymous. So the "share" button just resets the timestamp on a post and
all it's comments to look as if it were just posted. Since there is no
way to tell if a post was just posted, or just shared, the site will
always appear active even if people just share past posts now and then,
so it would be very difficult for the Snowball to ever lose momentum.

Also, since there aren't even psuedonyms, every post or comment is
completely dissassociated from all the others, so you can really never
tell who is saying what. This means one person who posts a lot will
appear to be all different people, which will always work to the
advantage of the site to appear as if it has lots of users. The result
is essentially a schizophrenic talking to themselves, where all the
voices in their head are all the voices in the world. After all, that is
essentially who Anonymous is anyways, isn't it? Isn't that who we all
are, if you really think about it?

But with so much chaos magic poured into a p0rtal, you must be careful!
The Snowball you are creating has the potential to gain incredible
momentum! And just because the Drift is focused on dismantling the
Matrix by this nifty mind hack, doesn't mean the Drift can't also tug
the group in other directions! Anything can succumb to the Drift, given
enough time.

Things to remember when opening a p0rtal:

1. Since a p0rtal goes in the direction you point it, don't point it
   in a bad direction to begin with! Obviously!
2. Unite your p0rtal over the Universal idea of coexistence, and
   the unity of all of humanity. This is a spirit that lives on in
   all of us, and expresses itself through us, so it has been named
   different things by every culture and subculture. Any of these
   will work, so long as the label hasn't succumb to the Drift.
   Anonymous is an obvious choice, but we want to be clear that
   Anonymous is in solidarity with all ideas, just as all of these
   ideas are in solidarity with Anonymous, for they all have 
   coexistence as their core tenant.
3. Put the symbolism of unity of your choosing at the TOP of the
   website. You want it to be so obvious that there's no way someone
   will miss the reminder that this p0rtal is in unity with all of
   humanity. This will make all divisive speech appear as playful
   trolling, and will not be taken seriously, helping to prevent the
   Drift.
4. Trolls happen. That doesn't necessarily mean your p0rtal has
   succumb to the Drift. You'll notice your p0rtal succumb to the
   Drift, because it will be very frustrating to see people re-
   interpret your unifying idea until it is used as a tool to divide
   and conquer.
5. Do not be afraid to close a p0rtal!!! If you opened the p0rtal, then
   you are responsible for closing it if it goes bad. So don't get too
   attached. You can always open a new p0rtal, anyways. 
6. Periodically log on with fresh eyes, as if you've never seen the site
   before, and take it all in. Ask yourself if this inspiration engine
   still inspires creativity, tolerance, and open-mindedness, or has it
   become corrupted enough that it might inspire hatred, instead? If so,
   pull the plug!!!
7. A p0rtal may get bogged down by all the hashtags that have been most
   used on it, and get sort of funneled into a groove of all it's past
   ideas, like a fully formed brain. This is like a really weak form of
   the Matrix taking hold. To prevent the p0rtal from becoming caught in
   any feedback loop, remember that seeing lots of hashtags pile up over
   time might be a good enough reason to randomly pull the plug one day.
   Then open a fresh new p0rtal, and like a fresh baby brain, it's all
   ready to learn anew!
8. LINK TO OTHER PORTALS! Preferrably as small links at the very tippy
   top of the page. (To see why, read on...)



THE P0RTALS

Openbook is the software to open a p0rtal. But the operation that
promotes the software has something much bigger in mind.

"We divide to unify."

What we're proposing has been done before. Opening portals to new
world's has always been done. The only difference now, is, with the push
for global harmony having reached critical mass, we're faced with the
monumentous task of uniting all these portals together on the other
side, so that the whole world can pass through the Great Filter together
into a newly agreed upon reality. This is to replace the current
manufactured reality with a crowd-sourced reality manifested from the
cross-pollination of the ideas of all these portals and the similarities
found within. And THIS is what Openbook hopes to help with.

One such portal to the New Age that has already helped put this
process into motion is the (dis)organization Alcoholics Anonymous.
We single out AA because it seems the founders really knew what they
were doing when they coined the term "the rooms". AA refers to all
the places they have their meetings as "the rooms". This collective
noun seems almost like a magic spell, manifesting a vision of all the
meetings of AA as one interconnected series of rooms. This allows
everyone to feel almost as if they are not only supported by those
in their meeting, but by everyone in the world who attends AA.
And that is a very large Snowball of energy to draw on.

Much like "the rooms", we call these "#thep0rtals".

Announcing Operation: #keepthep0rtalsopen

We invite ANYONE to open their own p0rtal using this opensource
software. But we ask that everyone LINK ALL P0RTALS TO MANY OTHER
P0RTALS! Then, announce the opening of your own p0rtal using the
hashtag: #keepthep0rtalsopen. This way #thep0rtals becomes a diffuse
decentralized social network as chaotic as Anonymous itself. A series of
temporary little websites that come and go, while all remaining in
solidarity with each other, and welcoming in the human spirit by
allowing anonymous postings by anyone that say anything. All united
under ALL of the many symbols of unity. An anonymous social media
network that appropriately functions like a headless leviathan, just
like Anonymous at large.

Despite AA using community combined with spiritual techniques to help
thousands of people quit alcohol, some people still shy away because
they think it's a "cult". The irony is that the New Age we are called
upon to co-create, being inherently "different" than the status quo we
seek to replace, will always appear as a lone crackpot here, and a cult
there, as long as they appear separate. But this illusion of
separateness is only that influence of groupthink labeling and dividing
everything where there are no divisions. Meanwhile, those who actually
participate in these alternatives see no separation, save for the
new-comers who perhaps haven't yet grasped unity consciousness, and, in
their ignorance, may be excruciatingly vocal with their divisive speech.
The Matrix Media then captures and projects THOSE soundbytes, to
perpetuate this myth of separateness and the appearance of "cultiness",
and may even successfully destroy a community with the Drift by using
these techniques to attract new-comers with all the wrong ideas.

However, with all the unifying ideas publicly standing in solidarity
together, and embracing each other, the statement of unity becomes
almost too powerful to stop. This way, the series of Openbook p0rtals,
all allied together, yet all flying different banners, will be a public
statement that all of these banners represent unity of all of humanity,
and that will start the realization and cross-pollination of
similarities in ideas that will uncover the common theme of our core
humanistic traditions we're all constantly trying to re-awaken to.
Then, by exposing the whole world to these parallels through
Openbook as well as other mediums, these ideas will awaken the
realization that the New Age is already here, if only we had the eyes to
see it as a single movement, and the courage to believe in the
inevitability of it's triumph! All of which naturally arises from the
realization that humanity is in fact intrinsically interconnected,
hyper-linked into ONE globally unified tribe.

(Refer to list item #2 in 'Things to remember when opening a p0rtal'.)

For those of you who were at Occupy, you'll recognize exactly what we're
talking about. Since Occupy, being also made in the image of Anonymous,
was essentially the irl expression of this same idea. All the different
street tribes came together, found that they had all the important
things in common, and sought to use the force of their Snowball to
dismantle the Matrix. After the unawakened drones scattered us, everyone
had a different experience, but for those who tried to go back into the
old world and pretend all these little group agendas were more important
than global harmony, or that all these people walking around are somehow
separate from each other rather than one unified people, was quite
bizarre. Fortunately, although we may feel a relative lack of community
in our own lives since Occupy was broken up, this unity consciousness
has now spread out into the world since Occupy, and will soon be
embraced by everyone. In fact, just recently, the Bloods and the Crips
announced a truce!

But without Occupy, and the accompanying insulation of unity
consciousness it provided, many Occupiers found their minds swayed
by old connections, and were essentially plugged back into the Matrix.
You are now being called to REACTIVATE. Openbook can be your insulation,
to keep your mind awake even while the world around you tries to lull
you to sleep!

Finally, #thep0rtals is a place where we can acknowledge and talk about
all of this without our egos getting in the way. It's like a support
group, except instead of getting off of alcohol, we're getting each
other out of our Old World ideas.



FIGHTING CHAOS WITH CHAOS

To some, our chaos engine might actually seem a little too chaotic.
After all, what is to prevent some bot from posting the same thing
a million times? What is to prevent government agents from filling the
site with lies? And why not use truth to fight illusions instead of
using illusions to fight illusions? Why not fight chaos with order?

The fight for order is what makes the chaos so brutal. Allowing the
chaos to be chaotic, and finding our place among it, we find ourselves
less prone to illusion. We find ourselves more at peace with each other.
We find that there is nothing worth fighting for, because there is no
idea worth fighting for, except for those ideas which are aligned with
the interests of all people. There is no group to fight for, save for
the WHOLE.

The reason we cannot fight illusions with truth, is because there is
no truth. All our abstract perspectives are just different ways of
seeing or explaining the same thing, except we misunderstand each
other. The human experience is universal, yet we convince ourselves
that one person's crazy is superior to another person's crazy and
we end up going to war over it. We use the tools of illusions to
empower the Snowball to dismantle the Matrix, because the human mind
is bound to illusion. The Snowball itself doesn't even speak truth.
Truth is found in our personal relationship to our human experience,
and our own interpretations we find when we read between the lines.

The truth is, the order that seems to be falling into chaos was always
an illusion. The chaos we are starting to see peaking out from
everywhere has always been there. It has just been expertly covered up
by the Matrix. Chaos is just information that has not been categorized
by our worldview. So, because our worldview has been narrowed over
generations, the awakening to what is really going on will be
experienced as pure chaos. It's kind of like how our society has added
more and more expectations of what it means to be "normal" year after
year until almost everyone is considered "crazy" for one reason or
another.

Living in the illusion of order, we became comfortable, and went numb,
and started going through the motions without realizing what we were
involved in. Meanwhile, our money became a debt-based pyramid scheme
in the 70's, our government assassinated the leaders of our civil rights
movement (probably including our president), and then consumerist
rhetoric reeled the country back in with the same old empty promises of
the American Dream. I was apparently born into a world that had given
up, and given in. A world that was in a perpetual state of war over oil
even though cleaner technologies could have been available long ago were
it not for corporate interests getting in the way. My point is, there is
no order but the illusion the Matrix has given us. There is no order to
sending people overseas to kill each other over resources we no longer
need to be fighting over. This is madness. This whole world is chaos.

We hope as you use Openbook, you might begin to grasp this truth,
and understand it's consequences. For it is from this scary realization
of the sheer chaos of illusions in which we live that you will finally
learn to trust yourself.



Now that you understand all that, read README.txt to set it all up!



As a side note: It was once human tradition to use sleep deprivation,
fasting, walk-abouts, singing, dancing, and/or psychedelic drugs to
induce ecstatic states that allow people to see past all the man-made
illusions we create in the mind. This was a coming of age ritual that
all humans of all tribes had to go through. It allowed us to see past
the illusions, while still playing within them, and therefore we could
maintain some structure to our society without taking the structure so
seriously that we lose sight of our universal human bond. It also
allowed us to break free from social conditioning and trust our inner
voice, an experience which was essentially considered our internal
transition to adulthood. Unfortunately, without these tools, the
childish conditioning of the illusion of authority is taken advantage of
by parents, governments, bosses and bullies alike to maintain control of
their subordinates, even in "adulthood". Which explains why people who
use psychedelics often make it sound like out-lawing psychedelics
essentially amounts to enslaving humanity, and how family often becomes
used as a tool of the state to enforce obedience and a mainstream
manufactured worldview.

We would go so far as to say that the Dream we are about to wake up
from, worldwide, doesn't just trace back to the beginning of the
globalization of the American Dream, but all the way to the beginning
of whenever we somehow became fooled into not taking psychedelics
anymore. Which is still a big mystery, considering most habitats have
them growing right out of the ground, and ancient archeological evidence
suggests EVERY culture used them at some point, yet they were only
"rediscovered" for the West in the 50's or 60's. The subsequent brutal
crack-down would similarly suggest that out-lawing psychedelics is
somehow crucial for controlling populations. So if you haven't tried
magic mushrooms, or LSD, do your research, know what you're getting
into, have a good source, be in a good headspace, have good company
with you to trip-sit (preferrably someone with experience, or at
least really soothing energy) and go from there! Openbook is really
just a digital psychedelic experience we're trying to deliver, if you
really think about it. We'll be seeing you, on Openbook! <3 ;)

Openbook was created in the spirit of #opRebuildTheHive, #opNewBlood,
and...



















                               # #
                               # #
                               ###
                               ###
                             #######
                           ##   #   ##
                          #           #
                   #######             #######
                      ###### #opELE  ######
                   #######             #######
                          #           #
                           ##   #   ##
                             #######
                               ###
                               ###
                               # #
                               # #
















<3
